TODO.md, before:

# general
- build python packaging infrastucture to deploy libgarib modules and their C extensions

# rom-asset-tool

# texbank-tool
- there used to be a creepy bug in IA tex packing whereby every other X coordinate
  was skipped. investigate what this was about (see git diff right after 07cd5e369246c5a4712edfd164c24698713df0cb)

# objbank-tool
## common
- Refactor pack list so it is less prone to silent errors
- Try turning an extracted display list into a packed geo object and viewing it in model viewer

## dumping
- make sure metadata is placed consistently in heirarchy
- animation: instead of just saving playback_time as a property,
             scale time timeline with it (it's only used to determine u16
             time code precision)
- sometimes, blender exporter crashes on material export and causes the skeleton to become ALL screwed up
- don't repeat properties on child meshes when they're identical 
- deal with collision vs dlist
- deal with vertex clamp attributes
- vertex UVs are off on pool entry for 0xcd048e58-at1land
- use a dict to map animation slot names?
- control export of global animation track via cmdline arg

## packing
- Test:
    - Animation
    - Child/sib nodes
    - Alpha
    - Geopacking: Multiple materials
- compile new display lists
- vertex compressor
- better validation
- look for missing properties in parent nodes

## mapping
- The "padding" at the end of each file seems
  to almost always be (72b * total_meshses), or very
  very slightly less than that.
  Unclear what it's for -- doesn't seem to be accessed
  by game code during normal operation

# fla2.c

# level-tool

## disassemble
- Embed version info into output

## assemble

# level editor

# rom patches

## kaizo level harness

## quick test
- Implement the following patches:
  ```python
  # To skip copyright screen:
  # Force return 1:
  # *(0x8010e878) = 0x08043ac2 # j 0x8010eb08
  # *(0x8010e87c) = 0x24020001 # li v0, 1 # 
  # To force presentation loader to boot playable level:
  # *(0x8012bd0c) = 0x24040000 | (level_id & 0xFF) # li a0, (level_id & 0xff) 
  # *(0x8012bcfc) = 0x24020000 # li v0, 0 
  ```

Commit message:

Move level disasm code into library

TODO.md, after:

# general
- build python packaging infrastucture to deploy libgarib modules and their C extensions
  - see: https://stackoverflow.com/questions/42656388/how-to-put-a-swig-pybind11-c-project-on-pypi

# rom-asset-tool

# texbank-tool
- there used to be a creepy bug in IA tex packing whereby every other X coordinate
  was skipped. investigate what this was about (see git diff right after 07cd5e369246c5a4712edfd164c24698713df0cb)
- embed version info into output (for both packing and unpacking)

# objbank-tool
## common
- Refactor pack list so it is less prone to silent errors
- Try turning an extracted display list into a packed geo object and viewing it in model viewer

## dumping
- make sure metadata is placed consistently in heirarchy
- animation: instead of just saving playback_time as a property,
             scale time timeline with it (it's only used to determine u16
             time code precision)
- sometimes, blender exporter crashes on material export and causes the skeleton to become ALL screwed up
- don't repeat properties on child meshes when they're identical 
- deal with collision vs dlist
- deal with vertex clamp attributes
- vertex UVs are off on pool entry for 0xcd048e58-at1land
- use a dict to map animation slot names?
- control export of global animation track via cmdline arg
- embed version info into output


## packing
- Test:
    - Animation
    - Child/sib nodes
    - Alpha
    - Geopacking: Multiple materials
- compile new display lists
- vertex compressor
- better validation
- look for missing properties in parent nodes
- embed version info into output


## mapping
- The "padding" at the end of each file seems
  to almost always be (72b * total_meshses), or very
  very slightly less than that.
  Unclear what it's for -- doesn't seem to be accessed
  by game code during normal operation

# fla2.c

# level-tool

## disassemble
- Embed version info into output

## assemble

# level editor

# rom patches

## kaizo level harness

## stdout
- how to do this easily with emulators?

## quick test
- Implement the following patches:
  ```python
  # To skip copyright screen:
  # Force return 1:
  # *(0x8010e878) = 0x08043ac2 # j 0x8010eb08
  # *(0x8010e87c) = 0x24020001 # li v0, 1 # 
  # To force presentation loader to boot playable level:
  # *(0x8012bd0c) = 0x24040000 | (level_id & 0xFF) # li a0, (level_id & 0xff) 
  # *(0x8012bcfc) = 0x24020000 # li v0, 0 
  ```
